---
title: S2E48 - A Tribute to Charanpal Gill
date: 2021-03-11
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-2
---

Our 48th Zoomcast March 11th, 2021;

Charlotte Ferrell announced PBA is presenting a special Panel today  paying tribute to Charanpal Gill, an Order of Canada honoree, who fought  throughout his life for equal rights and against racism.

411 Senior Centre Board Chair, Marion Pollack announced that the 411  free income tax clinic is open weekdays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Lesley Hebert read a statement from the International Council of Women, affirming International Woman’s Day (March 8, 2021).

Charlotte read PM Justin Trudeau’s statement designating March 11 as a  National day of Observance for COVID-19 victims, their families and  healthcare providers.

Marion Pollack shared joyful accolades to the life and legacy of  activist extraordinaire Charan Gill, then introduced three stellar  speakers: Sarwan Boal of the WCB Appeals Tribunal, Harinder Mahil of the  Canadian Farm Workers’ Union CFWU, and MLA-Speaker of the House (B.C.  Parliament), the Hon. Raj Chauhan. Each shared memories chronicling over  40 years of working with Charan in founding such organizations as the  British Columbia Organization to Fight Racism; the Canadian farmworkers  Union, and PICS (Progressive Community Services Society).

In Mr. Gill’s honor, Diversity Village in Aldergrove will be named the Charanpal Gill Diversity Village.

This Zoom recording also aired in the “Speak Up, Listen Up, Act Upon”  show, 10 a.m., March 12 at 90.1 FM and online at cjsf.ca. Hosted by  Charlotte Sista C Ferrell. Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society,  Vancouver

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s2e48-a-tribute-to-charanpal-gill/id1489259286?i=1000513787189