---
title: S2E47 - Changing the Ways We Make Money
date: 2021-03-04
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-2
---

Our 47th Zoomcast (March 4th, 2021);

As we enter International Women’s Month, Charlotte asks us to share ways we “Challenge to Change” making money past retirement age.

Nansey Sinclaire describes how she found a way to do what she loves by opening a pet sitting and dog walking service and continually upgrading it over 7 years.

Lesley Hebert tells about her pioneering experiences teaching English as a second language online and adapting to different time zones and communication systems.

Chris Morrissey discusses the launch of a writing anthology by the Queer Imaging and Writing Collective (QUIRKE) as part of the SFU Women and Gender Studies 50th anniversary. The book, Together we Stand: Queer Elders Speak Out, is available at Little Sisters Book and Art Emporium, and the People’s Coop Bookstore. Chris enlightens us about queer rights activism and her work as an advocate for immigration sponsorship rights for same sex partners, for which she received the Order of Canada.

Joel Flynn shares his exploration of online music production and creative ways that music might be monetized in the digital world.

Charlotte Ferrell describes how she healed from a traumatic brain injury and generated a new source of income by first writing and performing poetry that effectively transforms anger, pain and grief, then marketing her poems via books, digital music and workshops.

Lesley announced the virtual launch of A Poetry of Place: Journeys Across New Westminster on March 11 at 6:00 p.m. via Zoom

Hosted by Charlotte Sista C Ferrell. Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society, Vancouver.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s2e47-changing-the-ways-we-make-money/id1489259286?i=1000512752881