---
title: S3E28 - Putting out Your Best Voice Possible
date: 2021-10-28
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 78th Zoomcast (October 28, 2021);

Charlotte updates the goal for exploring ways to “put our best voices possible” in reading or creative writing is to increase opportunities to have our work published as audio books or included in “listening sessions” hosted on websites, such as PBA or community radio stations, such as CJSF. She invites us to introduce ourselves with a notable event associated with the date on a coin, and to describe the types of writing we enjoy doing.

We share feedback on an exercise where we read short segment of our own, or others’ work. Lesley Hebert plays with reading part of her travel story Soccer Fever at different speeds, and reads it normally later in the podcast. Neill Ryon repeats the exercise with an extract from The Artists Way by Judith Cameron and we discuss the goals of these reading exercises. We give Delsa Degait feedback on a reading of Sad Guru’s advice on fear, anxiety and insecurity.

We discuss an audio clip by from Becoming by Michelle Obama.

Neill read part of his short story Universum Fabulum.

Charlotte provides ideas on how to use collaboration to meet the challenges of self-publishing and recording audio books – two potentially income-generating activities several of our podcasters have expressed a desire to pursue.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada-New Horizons Program; and the G & F Financial Group.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e28-putting-out-your-best-voice-possible/id1489259286?i=1000542874805