---
title: S3E29 - Diwali Celebration
date: 2021-11-04
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 79th Zoomcast (November 4, 2021);

Charlotte Ferrell welcomes us to our first hybrid Zoom/live programme from the 411 Centre, where members are celebrating Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights.

Ramona Srinivasanan talks about Diwali customs, sings a Sanskrit song celebrating the triumph of light over darkness, and shows us a table of traditional offerings to Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth. She introduces traditional rangoli and answers our questions as we share the relaxing, cooperative, time-consuming process of creating a rangoli design with 411 Centre members who have come to the center for the event.

Everyone compliments Jeannie Kamins, a 411 Senior Center Board Member and professional artist for coming in early to sketch the designs on a table for this engaging group activity where people fill in the design with an array of paint powders.

411 Centre Membership and Volunteer Coordinator Gurpreet Pannu tells us more about Diwali and answers our questions. Gurpreet outlines future 411 programming plans, and explains the INR programme, which helps seniors to navigate government services and assistance. For more information on 411 membership, which is currently free, please email Gurpreet at gsandhu@411seniors.bc.ca or phone 604 6848171 Ext 242.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Program; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e29-diwali-celebration/id1489259286?i=1000542875538