---
title: S3E24 - Awareness, Celebration and Tributes
date: 2021-09-30
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 74th Zoomcast (September 30, 2021);  Hosted by #CharlotteSistaCFerrell

Charlotte welcomes us to our 74th edition-- Powered by Age’s second “birthday” anniversary as a senior-led podcast program. Jesse Wentzloff plays Stevie Wonder’s Happy Birthday to Ya.

In recognition of Canada’s new September 30 national holiday, Truth and Reconciliation Day, we watch two videos and discuss the issues and ways to move forward. In the first, Chief Robert Joseph highlights the horrific ways Indigenous children’s lives were devastated as they were separated from their parents and sent to residential schools. The second, 94 Calls in 94 Days, encourages everyone to learn the Truth and Reconciliation  Commission Calls to Action and put one into practice daily.

Nansey Sinclaire reads and explains the rationale for the UN proclamation of October 1 as the International Day of Older Persons. This year’s focus is “Digital Equity for all Ages.” Charlotte helps us to write a tribute poem to ourselves based on acrostics of our names and reads her poem Rebirthing I Worthiness. Poems we create today will be read Oct. 1, at a “Seniors Day” event at the 411 Senior Center., Vancouver.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society, Vancouver; The Government of Canada, Information and Referral Services, and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e24-awareness-celebration-and-tributes/id1489259286?i=1000539817268