---
title: S3E33 - Breaking News and Beautiful Brains
date: 2021-12-02
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 83rd Zoomcast (December 2, 2021);

Host, CharlotteSistaCFerrell introduces David Handelman, Chair of the 411 Seniors’ Programme and Membership Committee, and a longstanding Board Member. He announces the launch of Telus Internet for Good -the second phase of Telus programs that reflect positive reception to the appeals by 411 and other senior centers to make mobile phone and internet services more affordable for low-income seniors. The program extends the Telus Mobility for Seniors program which provides a $25 per month cell phone package and refurbished phones to seniors who receive the Guaranteed Income Supplement. For only $10 per month, the new Telus Internet for Good program provides seniors with no-contract home internet, installation of a router that gives ‘wi-fi’ access to tv, computers, and laptops- enabling affordable access to programs like our PBA podcasts, video medical calls, and connection to other services. Call Gurpreet Sandhu at the 411 Senior Center --604 684-8171 - if you need assistance applying to the program, computer help, or a free or low-cost computer.

The main event for today’s podcast is Your Beautiful Brain, facilitated by Ramona Srinivasan who leads off with fun facts on Brain Health and ways to improve it. Charlotte talks about the functions of different areas of the brain. and we discuss practices that support them. Ramona elicits comments on the powerful ways expressing gratitude nurtures our brains. Charlotte invites all listeners to write a gratitude story, poem, or another expression to share next week. (Dec 9) . Information about Telus for Good  is available at https://www.telus.com/en/social-impact/connecting-canada/seniors/application

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e33-breaking-news-and-beautiful-brains/id1489259286?i=1000545096384