---
title: S3E38 - Cold Days, Creativity and Future Plans
date: 2022-01-06
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 88th Zoomcast (January 6, 2022);

Our host, Charlotte 'Sista C' Ferrell, announces that future podcast sessions will begin with breaking news about Covid Omicron restrictions and how the 411 Centre and other senior centres are modifying or ceasing their programs. PBA will help more people learn to use remote communications and increase their comfort in presenting topics or their creative writing.

We introduce ourselves by sharing something that the recent heavy snowfall has made us realize. We discuss pills and supplements we use to nurture our immune systems and cautions about overdosing.

Joel Flynn invites suggestions for “Threefer” segments – three songs by one artist which form a cohesive narrative or focus on a particular theme. He shared the links to the edited version of last week’s Beatles medley.

Per the host’s prompt to write about the coldest day in our memory, Jeannie Kammins reads “January 1977”, a memory of a day out in Saskatoon at 40 below. Chris Morrissey reads “A drop of 70 Degrees” about her return to Prince George, B.C. at Christmas after teaching in a missionary school in tropical Brunei. Lesley Hebert reads her poem Twelfth Night.

Charlotte asks us to brainstorm words beginning with Br, Be and Ba which leads to “Brain”, “Belly” and “Back” being identified as topics for future episodes. Dr. Ramona sent a happiness calendar for use in our podcasts and email to homebound participants.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3e38-cold-days-creativity-and-future-plans/id1489259286?i=1000547913310