---
title: S3E39 - Kindness, Compassion, and Service
date: 2022-01-13
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 89th Zoomcast (January 13, 2022);

Host  Charlotte 'SistaC' Ferrell presents today’s theme of Kindness, Compassion and Service and how they connect to Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s legacy as a leader.

Neall Ryon presents dramatic poems on the theme of kindness: Disorientation by Theoretical Physicist Dr. Katie Mack, followed by his own poems, Its Only a Dollar; The Courage to Fear; and Wholeness.

Lesley Hebert accentuates a sense of compassion with her poems Hope, Raccoon, and Inner Child.

Charlotte plays an excerpt from Dr. King’s life-assessing sermon, “The Drum Major Instinct,” delivered Feb 4, 1968, two months before his assassination. We reflect on the powerful outcome of his consistent service as a relentless leader in the Civil Rights movement. We discuss kindness as a way of being, springboard for action and a way to heal the trauma of separation. The power of loving oneself and having compassion for others was anchored by listening to a recording of Luther Vandross singing The Impossible Dream.

To submit ideas for future programmes or to take part in upcoming podcasts, contact Charlotte at pbaafc@gmail.com or on our website, www.poweredbyage.com

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant;and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e39-kindness-compassion-and-service/id1489259286?i=1000548528946