---
title: S3E40 - Celebrating National Hug Day
date: 2022-01-20
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 90th Zoomcast (January 20, 2022);

To celebrate National Hug Day, founded by Kevin Zaborney in 1986, we introduce ourselves with a word that makes us feel happy and a story about a memorable hug.

We experiment with touching hands across our Zoom screens and discuss ways of giving virtual hugs.

Johnnie Proby, an international Sound Therapy Practitioner, leads a discussion of the relationship between the vibrations of the singing voice and the seven body chakras. Johnnie and

Dr. Ramona Srinivasen lead us in a series of yogic self-hugs.

Lesley Hebert tells a heart-warming story about a random act of kindness.

Charlotte reads her poem Just for You which was the inspiration for her book Heart Balm~Just for You.

Jeannie Kammins, a 411 Sr. Center volunteer, and Board member expresses the “kindness power” of volunteers spending time advocating for equitable housing and internet access for seniors. We comment on ways volunteerism brings happiness to volunteers as well as those they serve and say goodbye by signing off with a happy thought.

Charlotte invites listeners to hug someone by interviewing them for the SPIN section of the PBA website. To submit ideas for future programmes or to take part in upcoming podcasts, contact Charlotte at pbaafc@gmail.com or use the contact button at https://www.poweredbyage.com

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3-e40-celebrating-national-hug-day/id1489259286?i=1000549218002