---
title: S3E47 - Breaking The Entrepreneurial Bias
date: 2022-03-10
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 97th Zoomcast (March 10, 2022);

As our celebration of International Women’s month continues, our host #CharlotteSistaCFerrell invites participants to introduce themselves by sharing entrepreneurial influences, memories or activities.

Deborah Thorne, the Information DIVA, shares lessons she learned throughout her lengthy career as a serial entrepreneur increasingly learning how to #breakthebias or biases that entrepreneurial women face. She shared how she learned about collaboration and networking through home based cosmetic, jewelry and fashion businesses then expanded to currently hosting international multi-day virtual business conferences and coaching people over 50 into endeavors like book publishing. If you would like Deborah to connect you to people and opportunities, text DIVA to 21000; phone or text direct to 1-310-497-1640 or go to https://calendly.com/theinformationdiva/letsdocoffee.

Nansey Sinclaire, a member of our PBA production team, introduces her “Happiest Pup Pet Services” and tells us about biases she faced when working as her husband’s business partner. As a ‘solopreneur’ Nansey has connected her observations about the importance of good customer service to a project where she is writing a book for pet owners and delighting customers with adorable pet photos. Her experiences inspire discussion on overcoming bias through professionalism, situational-conflict resolution, positive self esteem and self-awareness. You may contact Nansey through https://www.happiestpuppetservices.ca/

In support of the Ukraine, Neill Ryon reads his poem The Church with No Roof. Charlotte reminds us to record our poems, stories, interviews and ‘novelties’ for poweredbyage.com.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3e47-breaking-the-entrepreneurial-bias/id1489259286?i=1000554137185