---
title: S3E48 - Breaking the Educational Bias
date: 2022-03-17
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 98th Zoomcast (March 17, 2022);

Our host #CharlotteSistaCFerrell announces our third week of exploring the #InternationalWomensHistoryMonth theme #breakthebias. Today’s focus is on how our presenters have experienced bias as entrepreneurs; how they break biases, and what others might do.

Our first presenter, Diamond Toastmaster, Muriel Shabazz encourages us with a quote from Harriet Tubman ,“Every great dream begins with a dreamer.” She pivoted from owning one of L.A.’s premier soul food restaurants and catering businesses to becoming a member of five Toastmaster programs and speaking across the US, Africa and Canada. She reminds us that we are never too old to change the world through strength, patience, and passion, emphasizing that “people are aching for something new so, at whatever age, we all have something to offer.”

Lisa Futrell introduced her mother, Dr. Rose Edgar, who has been a ground breaker for Black women throughout her life and is still going strong in her 80s.

Our second guest, educator and solopreneur Wilda Keir shares her philosophy of unlimited opportunity and tells us about multiple occasions when she created her own job to help children left behind by the educational system. She is passionate about identifying children not given an opportunity to learn a broad range of career possibilities because someone has presumed, they have limited capacities. Participants discuss a variety of biases we have overcome ranging from age to color, language, culture, and nationality.

Neall Ryon reads An Ode to Mary, a poem about his mother’s challenging life.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3e48-breaking-the-educational-bias/id1489259286?i=1000555754602
