---
title: S3E43 - 411 News and Black History Celebration
date: 2022-02-10
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-3
---

Our 93rd Zoomcast (February 10, 2022); 411 News and Black History Celebration;

Host, CharlotteSistaCFerrell introduces our special guest presenters with our new ‘beneficial, positive’ “Breaking News” First, Rosemary Collins, 411 Centre’s Information and Referral Services Coordinator, discusses services offered by I & R (Information and Referral). Key issues such as homelessness and loss of the GIS benefit drive 411’s advocacy work. To contact I & R for assistance navigating the complexities of government benefits or to speak with Rosemary, phone 604-684-8171 or email contact411@411seniors.bc.ca

Next, Hannah Shin an embedded researcher for SFUs Science and Technology for Aging Institute currently ‘placed’ at the 411 Centre, announces the Horizon Conference, which aims to strengthen links between academia and the community. It is taking place at SFU Downtown May 26-29, 2022. The 411 Centre and STAR will share knowledge about aging in a digital world.

Hannah emphasized that seniors with experience and opinions about resolving the digital divide are encouraged to participate in the Conference. She invited anyone interested to phone her at 604-689-8171 or email hannah.shin@sfu.ca. The conference fee will be paid for participants willing to take part in its workshops.

Continuing our celebration of Black History Month, Charlotte invites us to introduce ourselves with sound and movement. She engages us in her original “call and response” poem How Can you Run with the Horses when Running with the Horsemen Tires You Out? Lesley Hebert recognizes Black BC history by reading The Chief Factor and The Commodore from Wayde Compton’s 49th Parallel Psalm. Neall Ryon reads his poem Never Give Up and Charlotte closes with inspirational quotes from Booker T. Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s3e43-411-news-and-black-history-celebration/id1489259286?i=1000551089546