---
title: S4E2 - Poems of Intimacy
date: 2022-04-14
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-4
---

Our 102nd Zoomcast (April 14, 2022);

Our host #CharlotteSistaCFerrell extends thanks and positive thoughts with her poem, Thank You for Being Wonderfully You, then invites us to continue our celebration of International Poetry Month #SpeakingOfIntimacy, by sharing poems with each other.

Dr. Ramona Srinivasen reads her haiku Two Graceful Seagulls. Jeannie Kamins recites Lewis Carroll’s Jabberwocky from memory. Prafulla Vyas reads Stacy Kozawi’s poem The Knitting Club from James Barry’s anthology Themes on the Journey. Lesley Hebert reads her nature-embracing poem Still Life with Tree. Neall Ryon reads his poems The Words I Love and Intimacy.

Joel Flynn discusses an idea about doing virtual karaoke sessions for seniors. He thoughts around music and intimacy included sentiments about his father’s song Fiddler’s Green, which you can hear at https://soundcloud.com/podstream/fiddlers-green-doug-flynn-sings-a-song-for-his-sister

We discuss the benefits of memorization and the connection between music, language and memory.

#CharlotteSistaCFerrell closes today’s podcast with her poem Rebirthing I Worthiness, and encourages everyone to write or share a poem next week. Listeners can email pbaafc@gmail.com to get an invitation.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s4-e2-poems-of-intimacy/id1489259286?i=1000558077373