---
title: S4E5 - Celebrating Mothers' Day
date: 2022-05-05
draft: false
tags:
    - Season-4
---

Our 105th Zoomcast (May 5, 2022);

Our host #CharlotteSistaCFerrell welcomes us to CJSF Radio listener appreciation week and announces we will be honoring Mothers Day with special a special presentation and poetry. Regarding Mother’s Day, STAR Elder and story keeper Kendra Crowell shares her perspective on Indigenous People’s world view of the earth as our “mother” and the sacred interconnected nature of life. She describes the powerful roles mothers and grandmothers especially hold among Indigenous people and encourages listeners to attend powwows as a way of gaining a greater understanding. She concludes with an invitation to attend the Trout Lake Pow Wow on Indigenous Day, June 21, 2002.

We discuss various Mother’s Day traditions and share a virtual hug with our listeners.

Neall Ryon reads two of his poems dedicated to his mother, An Ode to Mary and Ordinary Mary.

Dr. Ramona Srinivasen reads a tribute to her mother-in-law, Vasundhara (Athai), and the extensive gifts she passed on to their family.

Charlotte reads her acrostic poem Happy Mother’s Day Everyday dedicated to all the mothers involved in this podcast and our listeners.

Lesley Hebert reads her poem Magic, dedicated to Mother Earth.

We listen to the Lillooet Nation Women’s Warrior Song and Elder Kendra explains the lyrics: I am warrior woman, I am strong, the Goddess lives within.

Sponsored by the 411 Seniors Centre Society; The Government of Canada: New Horizons Grant; and G & F Financial.

https://podcasts.apple.com/ca/podcast/s4e5-celebrating-mothers-day/id1489259286?i=1000560853156